So why do I love my job? My job, my country and this Navy allowed me to
words of Father on the day he joined the Navy and see the world. So
I loved it because they may be allowed me. One is in Brooklyn, New
York I've never been out of work before, joining the baby of the Naval
Academy and and then going on to a fresh whole career being commissioned
and let me see the world and go out there as a naval officer
and represent our country to all the foreign countries that I invented.
So I really loved traveling. I really loved warring and, uh, graduating.
Have a great job to go to, and they paid me to Do you have
a great time and learn how to be a professional label. Awesome. And
this is where Well, the the ad says. It's a journey is a job. It's
a career is a profession and a lifestyle. The naval officer was a great
experience that I won't very much